hey everybody it's me Margaret with
notes on this Eddy Nutcracker scarf that
I did I've done two other color-block
scarves like this one was a santo one
was a snowman and so I'm not gonna go
over the demonstration of the ADI in
building this scarf the adding machine
if you're interested there'll be links
in the description box I'm also going to
put written notes on my blog which is
she beat sheepishly sharing calm so you
can find the measurements for each of
these blocks now the best part about
these kinds of scarves is that they're
basically just a tube and therefore can
easily be worked up and well it's like I
said was mm addi Express knitting
machine you can crochet it knit it or
loom knit it now I've recently had
someone asked me well I'm ready for the
loom knit instructions well I don't know
what they are because I've never done
them on a loom that's why when I design
a little scarf I always provide you with
measurements so that it gives you an
idea of the proportions of what I've
done and if you want to copy it then you
know you create your own three inch
scarf and probably done on a small -
balloon my smallest round nifty knitter
loom and and use your own creativity
choose your own colors decorate any kind
of way that you want to make it your own
and you'll probably come up with better
ideas mine's just a vase to give you a
foundation on which to build so you have
fun here's the Hat and it's
approximately three and a half inches or
what works out to be seventeen a DeRose
as for the French knot decorations I
suggest you go look up on YouTube how to
do it because clearly I'm not the person
to teach you now here's his little face
which is around two and a half inches or
twelve to thirteen Addie rose I couldn't
find any shank fact googly eyes so I
used buttons sewed them on first and
then attached regular googly eyes with
jewelry glue for the nutcrackers beard
and moustache you'll need about twelve
pieces
of white yarn cut at about three inches
I took an extra piece to bundle four of
them together for his mustache and eight
of them together for his beard pretty
simple if you need to see me do this
I'll put a link in the description box
that will pop you right over to this
exact spot in the Santa scarf video
in case you're wondering I attached mine
at the seventh and ninth rows on his
face
and after I sewed them on then I trimmed
them up okay so they're shorter no we
left saying as long on there this is a
completely different deal I also would
encourage you a trouble of hair on the
sides when I had originally designed it
sorry I was planning to put hair and I
don't know why I chose not to do it cuz
now I'm kind of thinking I want to do it
Nutcracker has a simple double-breasted
coat just tiny tiny little buttons that
I already had on hand but look at some
other pictures to get ideas some have
braids across the front and gold and
there's just different options dress him
up I'm sides always 20/20 and I'm
thinking after looking at it that I may
have benefited from another black stripe
beneath the drum but it's fine like it
is and then you just add some of those
you know decorations on the side of your
drum and there you go and I would
encourage you as with any of my ideas
that I throw out there I want you to use
your own creativity and to embellish
build on what I have and make it better
so I'd love to see pictures if you do
any of these I will tell you that it's a
little time intensive to do the
embroidery I don't know how to do
embroidery I'm not going to do a
tutorial for you you're gonna have to
look elsewhere for those tutorials
clearly that's not my strength but yeah
so there is